# String Terminology
A **string** of length `n` is a set of `n` characters starting at `s[0], s[1], ..., s[n-1]`.

An **alphabet** is the set of characters that may apear in a string.

A **substring** is a sequence of consequtive chacters. `s[a...b]` denotes a substring that starts at index `a` and ends at position `b`. (`[a, b]`) It is also worth to note that a string of length `n` has `n(n+1)/2` substrings.

A **subsequence** is a sequence of characters that **are not necessarily** in consecutive order, however they must be in their original order. For example `AC` is a subsequence of `ABC`. A string of length `n` has `2^n - 1` subsequences.

A **prefix** is a substring that starts at the beginning of the string, and a **suffix** is a substring that ends at the end of the string. For example a prefix of `ABCD` could be `ABC` and a suffix of `ABCD` could be `BCD`.

A **rotation** can be generated by moving the beginning of the string to the end one by one. For example, the rotations of `ABCD` would be `ABCD`, `BCDA`, `CDAB`, and `DABC`.

A **period** is a *prefix* of a string such that the original string can be made by repeating the period. The last repetition may be partial or a prefix of the period. For example, the shortest period of `ABCABCA` would be `ABC`.

A **border** is a string that is both a prefix and suffix of a string. For example, the borders of `ABACABA` are `A`, `ABA`, and `ABACBA`.

Strings are compared using **lexicographical order** which is another word for alphabetical order. This means that there is a position `i` such that `x[i] < y[i]` where `i < min(x.size(), y.size())`.