# Ford Fulkersons Algorithm
This algorithm is used to find the maximum flow of a special directed graph. In this special directed graph, each edge has a "capacity" which is the amount of "flow" it can hold. The amount of flow entering and leaving a certain node must be the same amount.

For Ford Fulkersons Algorithm, we must construct a special type of graph in which each edge has a **reverse edge** which will hold how much flow is currently being pushed into an edge. We then must find a path from the source to the sink node, a process that is not explained in Ford Fulkersons. After finding such a path, we must release a flow of `min(a1, a2, ..., an)` where `an` is the flow from an edge on the path we are taking. Once we find this minimum value, we can subtract from the edges from the source to the sink and add from the reverse edges. We continue this process of finding a path from the source to the sink until there are no such paths such that the minimum value is `<= 0`.

In this example, we used **Edmonds-Karp algorithm** to find the possible paths. Edmonds-Karp is based on `BFS` instead of `DFS`. This is because we can find the *shortest* path from the source to the since. On the contrary, `DFS` may be more time consuming because it may zig-zag through the graph.

Another way to implement Ford Fulkersons Algorithm is using the **scaling algorithm**. In this algorith, we use `DFS`, however we only traverse an edge if the number is at least certain threshold. Initially, the threshold would be the sum of all edge weights, however, if a path can not be found, the threshold would be divided by `2`.